# Oakland A's Assignment
### Introduction
Understanding the determinants of customer demand not only allows one to more accurately predict future demand but in many instances allows one to influence demand (such as with price and advertising, among other factors). This knowledge can prove valuable in a variety of business contexts, and we look at the impact of forecasting techniques on the negotiation of an employee contract.

### Assignment
Turn in a report as if you are providing information to the Oakland A's Front Office to help them respond to Mark Nobel's agent. Your report should be no more than four (plus exhibits) double spaced pages. It should include answers to the study questions below. Please also turn in your final Excel model. Please organize the Excel model so that a third party could clearly locate data, models, exhibits, and any relevant supporting analysis.
Be sure to include an executive summary that is clear and concise. 

### Study Questions for the Assignment
1. Using the data presented in exhibit 1 (which is available in an Excel file), how would you predict ticket sales to a particular Oakland A's game?
2. Provide an assessment of your model:
    * How did you perform feature (variable) selection?
    * How did you evaluate model quality (e.g. residuals, homoscedasticity...)?
    * Any assumptions or limitations of your final model?
3. How would you value the impact that Mark Nobel has had on the Oakland A's baseball franchise?
4. Assume that the average salary for one of a baseball team's top three starting pitchers is $300,000. What type of contract would you offer Mark Nobel?
5. How would you convince Nobel's agent that your offer is fair to his client?

### Reminders
* Turn in your model with your write-up
* Consider other information in the case, where appropriate
